obtain your contractor's license with
our comprehensive online courses are you
putting off studying for your
contractor's license because it takes so
much time time you think you don't have
because you're busy working are you
confused about what to study how to
study or where to start let us help you
with a customized study plan that is
easy to use and one hundred-percent
money-back guarantee since our beginning
we've helped over twelve thousand
contractors obtain their certification
and ninety-eight percent of our
customers have passed their exam on the
very first try using the online course
it's easy and makes studying Anytime
Anywhere possible whether you want to
study at home at the office or even with
your mobile device we put the tools at
your fingertips so you can study as your
schedule permits our course has two
different ways to study the training
mode allows you to review exam questions
without the pressure of being timed or
graded explanations provide the correct
answer to each question and show you
where to highlight critical information
in the book and I can assist you in
selecting the right answer during the
exam the practice exam mode creates a
simulated timed test with the same
number of questions given at the testing
center and this gives you an indication
of how you will score on the actual test
score reports track the results of your
exams and even highlight your areas of
weakness and strength and this helps you
focus your efforts on the topics that
need it the most our online training
courses are instantly updated with new
questions so you can be assured you'll
have the most current information
available to prepare for your exam
we offer the best guarantee in the
business if for any reason you do not
pass the exam on your first try we will
issue a full refund on the cost of the
course that's a 100% guarantee our test
prep is risk-free and you have nothing
to lose
ready to get started begin studying
right now your future starts today with
a fast and effective way to learn from
contractors license com visit us a
contractor's license com are called
1-800 688 1 2
you